ADVANCED_SETUP.md, before:

# Advanced Setup

## Table of Contents
- [Launching a new node from scratch](#launching-a-new-node-from-scratch)
  - [Setting environment variables](#setting-environment-variables)
  - [Creator Node](#creator-node)
  - [Discovery Provider](#discovery-provider)
  - [Launch](#launch)
- [Migration from Kubernetes](#migration-from-kubernetes)
## Launching a new node from scratch

### Setting environment variables

```sh
# to set individual environment variables
# valid service-names are "creator-node" or "discovery-provider"
audius-cli set-config creator-node
audius-cli set-config discovery-provider

# to set all the required environment variables for a service, use the --required flag
audius-cli set-config --required creator-node
audius-cli set-config --required discovery-provider
```

#### Creator Node
There are four required creator node environment variables, available in the creator node section [here](README.md#creator-node).

The full list of variables and explanations can be found on the wiki [here](https://github.com/AudiusProject/audius-protocol/wiki/Content-Node:-Configuration-Details#required-environment-variables). Generally node operators will not need to modify any other environment variables

##### External Creator Node Postgres
If you set an external Postgres url during setup you can skip this section.

If you did not set an external Postgres url during setup and you want to add one now, replace the db url by running:
```sh
audius-cli set-config creator-node
key   : dbUrl
value : <db url>
```

#### Discovery Provider
There are two required discovery provider environment variables, available in the discovery provider section [here](README.md#discovery-provider).

The full list of variables and explanations can be found on the wiki [here](https://github.com/AudiusProject/audius-protocol/wiki/Discovery-Node:-Configuration-Details#required-environment-variables). Generally node operators will not need to modify any other environment variables


##### External Discovery Provider Postgres Instance
If you set an external Postgres url during setup you can skip this section.

The below is only if using a externally managed Postgres (version 11.1+) database:

```sh
audius-cli set-config discovery-provider
key   : audius_db_url
value : <audius_db_url>

# If there's no read replica, enter the primary db url for both env vars.
audius-cli set-config discovery-provider
key   : audius_db_url_read_replica
value : <audius_db_url_read_replica>
```


In the managed postgres database and set the `temp_file_limit` flag to `2147483647` and run the following SQL command on the destination db.
```
CREATE EXTENSION pg_trgm;
```

### Launch
```sh
audius-cli launch creator-node

# or

audius-cli launch discovery-provider (--seed)

# Options:
# --seed
#     Seeds the database from a snapshot. Required for first-time discovery setup.
```

## Migration from Kubernetes

```sh
# Clone and install related dependencies
git clone https://github.com/AudiusProject/audius-docker-compose.git ~/audius-docker-compose
bash ~/audius-docker-compose/setup.sh

# Get configs from k8s-manifests and set them again via set-config
cat ~/audius-k8s-manifests/config.yaml
audius-cli set-config <service>
audius-cli set-tag <tag>

# Remember to reconfigure firewalls and load balancers

# Remove kube
audius-cli auto-upgrade --remove
kubectl delete --all-namespaces --all deployments
kubectl delete --all-namespaces --all pods
sudo kubeadm reset

# Launch the service
audius-cli launch <service>
```

Commit message:

Update ADVANCED_SETUP.md to turn off postgres on host if running

ADVANCED_SETUP.md, after:

# Advanced Setup

## Table of Contents
- [Launching a new node from scratch](#launching-a-new-node-from-scratch)
  - [Setting environment variables](#setting-environment-variables)
  - [Creator Node](#creator-node)
  - [Discovery Provider](#discovery-provider)
  - [Launch](#launch)
- [Migration from Kubernetes](#migration-from-kubernetes)
## Launching a new node from scratch

### Setting environment variables

```sh
# to set individual environment variables
# valid service-names are "creator-node" or "discovery-provider"
audius-cli set-config creator-node
audius-cli set-config discovery-provider

# to set all the required environment variables for a service, use the --required flag
audius-cli set-config --required creator-node
audius-cli set-config --required discovery-provider
```

#### Creator Node
There are four required creator node environment variables, available in the creator node section [here](README.md#creator-node).

The full list of variables and explanations can be found on the wiki [here](https://github.com/AudiusProject/audius-protocol/wiki/Content-Node:-Configuration-Details#required-environment-variables). Generally node operators will not need to modify any other environment variables

##### External Creator Node Postgres
If you set an external Postgres url during setup you can skip this section.

If you did not set an external Postgres url during setup and you want to add one now, replace the db url by running:
```sh
audius-cli set-config creator-node
key   : dbUrl
value : <db url>
```

#### Discovery Provider
There are two required discovery provider environment variables, available in the discovery provider section [here](README.md#discovery-provider).

The full list of variables and explanations can be found on the wiki [here](https://github.com/AudiusProject/audius-protocol/wiki/Discovery-Node:-Configuration-Details#required-environment-variables). Generally node operators will not need to modify any other environment variables


##### External Discovery Provider Postgres Instance
If you set an external Postgres url during setup you can skip this section.

The below is only if using a externally managed Postgres (version 11.1+) database:

```sh
audius-cli set-config discovery-provider
key   : audius_db_url
value : <audius_db_url>

# If there's no read replica, enter the primary db url for both env vars.
audius-cli set-config discovery-provider
key   : audius_db_url_read_replica
value : <audius_db_url_read_replica>
```


In the managed postgres database and set the `temp_file_limit` flag to `2147483647` and run the following SQL command on the destination db.
```
CREATE EXTENSION pg_trgm;
```

### Launch
```sh
audius-cli launch creator-node

# or

audius-cli launch discovery-provider (--seed)

# Options:
# --seed
#     Seeds the database from a snapshot. Required for first-time discovery setup.
```

## Migration from Kubernetes

```sh
# Clone and install related dependencies
git clone https://github.com/AudiusProject/audius-docker-compose.git ~/audius-docker-compose
bash ~/audius-docker-compose/setup.sh

# Turn off Postgres on the host. If this command returns an error it's not a problem.
sudo systemctl stop postgresql.service

# Get configs from k8s-manifests and set them again via set-config
cat ~/audius-k8s-manifests/config.yaml
audius-cli set-config <service>

# Remember to configure firewalls and load balancers to allow port 5000 through

# Remove kube
audius-cli auto-upgrade --remove
kubectl delete --all-namespaces --all deployments
kubectl delete --all-namespaces --all pods
sudo kubeadm reset

# Launch the service
audius-cli launch <service>
```
